PRIYANKA GNANASEKARAN
Mobile: 978-549-5705 E-mail: priya.nat52@gmail.com

Career Objective:
An entry-level software development position that utilizes my technical skills, education,
experience and passion for solving interesting problems and transforming complication
into simplicity

Education:
Bachelor of Engineering - Computer Science
T.J Institute of Technology (affiliated to Anna University)
TamilNadu-India

Technical Skills: 
Programming Languages: C, C++, C#, Visual Basic
Web Application Tools: Javascript, HTML
Database: SQL Server 2005
Frameworks: ASP .Net framework
Development Tools: Microsoft .Net 3.0, Textpad, HTML editor
Operating Systems:Windows, MS - DOS
MS Tools: Office, Excel, Powerpoint

Work History:
Assistant Programmer/Developer
GMMCO (CATERPILLAR) LIMITED – Tamilnadu, India
Feb 2010 to July 2010

Project Title: Machine Tracker
Machine Tracker is a web enabled application developed to keep track of mining
machines available at CAT customer sites all over India. This project is used by the
service department and it also helps them to check time duration of delivery. Developed
using C# and asp.net with SQL database.

Role/Responsibility:
Involved in requirement gathering and was responsible for the Analysis, Design and 
Development of the System
Developed Interactive GUI screens
Involved in Use case Reviews, Design Reviews and Code Reviews.

End-to-End development
Testing
Live support of the production application. Analyzed and resolved the Production
Incidents.

Project Title: Daily Job Log.
Record daily activities of service technicians on an hourly basis. This application is used
by service department to keep track of technicians job log on a daily basis and helps
finance department with their monthly billing purposes. This project was developed as a
web based application using asp.net and c#.net as front-end and SQL as back-end.

Role/Responsibility:
Involved in requirement gathering and was responsible for the Analysis, Design and Development.
Developed Interactive GUI screens
Involved in Use case Reviews, Design Reviews and Code Reviews.

End-to-End development
Testing

Internship:
SANDS PVT LTD
Tamilnadu, India
Project Title: Casualty Messenger.
Casualty Messenger prime purpose is to save precious human life. It uses sensors
to detect the location of accidents and transmit this information to the nearest hospital
/ ambulance service. Developed using c#.net, asp.net, html and SQL.
